Connection management (#1147)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/auth-flow/optimize/connection-management.md

---

> title: "Connection Management SDK"

Reviewer: Connection Management SDK
or
Connections SDK? (throughout)

Title could be more like 'Let your client manage their data with our Connections SDK'

Totally up to you name wise, depends on what is clearest

> sidebar_label: "Manage connections"

Reviewer: I guess this reads like our client would manage connections this way, rather than this giving an SMB customer a way to manage their connections

> description: "Put your customers in control of their data connections with our pre-built connection management component"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Put your customers in control of their data connections with our pre-built embeddable component"
```

---

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

## Overview

Give your customers the ability to manage the access permissions they have given you by using our **Connection Management SDK** in your front-end code. This is key from a regulatory perspective, builds trust between you and your customer, and is required by some accounting platforms (e.g. Xero). 

> ![An image of three in-app screenshots of the Connection Management UI. The first picture displays a list of three existing connections to Xero, Square, and Commerce Sandbox. The second image shows the entry for the Square connection with dates the authorization was given and recent data pull dates. It also lists the option to disconnect the connection. The final image displays a confirmation of the disconnection.](/img/auth-flow/auth-flow-connection-ui-examples.png)

Reviewer: Loving this accessibility 💝

### Functionality

With its sleek UI and low-code deployment, the component provides the following critical functionality:

- Displays accounting, banking, and commerce connections in `Linked` and `Unlinked` statuses.
- Provides the details of first authorization date and most recent sync date.
- Allows the user to disconnect an active connection, setting it to a `Unlinked` state and retaining previously fetched data.
- Enables the user to reauthorize a previously severed connection, setting it back to `Linked` status. 

> Connections in a `Deauthorized` status are not displayed by the Connection Management component. You can read more about [Connection statuses](https://docs.codat.io/core-concepts/connections#connection-status) at Codat.

Author: after a long discussion yesterday, it does support that. i m changing the docs as we speak

    fe -->> user: Connection Management UI
    user ->> fe: Manage connections
fe ->> fe: Embedded component returns additional context

```

### CORS settings

[Cross-origin resource sharing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) (CORS) settings are required for the Connection Management component to work. To control the domain list that your application can make token requests from, register the allowed origins using the [Set CORS settings](/platform-api#/operations/set-connection-management-cors-settings) endpoint.

To display the origins you previously registered for your instance, use the [Get CORS settings](/platform-api#/operations/get-connection-management-cors-settings) endpoint. 

## Get started

:::tip Install the npm package

Take advantage of our [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@codat/sdk-connections) so you don't have to manually import and maintain type definitions. You will benefit from it the most if you are using Typescript.

`$ npm i -S @codat/sdk-connections`

:::

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="react" label="React">

#### Get started with React

1. **Create a component that mounts the SDK** 

>   We recommend setting the component to `width: 460px; height: 840px`. The code snippet below uses these parameters. 

Reviewer: I guess if we're recommending something (but it's optional) we should say why we recommend it

Reviewer: Same would apply to the link SDK docs.
